Add FAQ and installation sections on M1 macs (#1373)
openforcefield/openff-toolkit: docs/installation.md

WSL2 [does support](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/gpu-compute) GPU compute, at least with nvidia cards, but setting it up [takes some work](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda/wsl).
:::

(installation/m1)=

#### macOS with M1 chips

> Apple Silicon (M1 mac, `osx-arm64`) is supported, but only through Rosetta because (as of August 2022) some upstream dependencies are not yet built on it.
> To configure `conda` to [use Rosetta](https://conda-forge.org/docs/user/tipsandtricks.html#installing-apple-intel-packages-on-apple-silicon) when creating an environment (or modifying one, such as installing new packages into it), prepend the command with `CONDA_SUBDIR=osx-64`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Toolkit supports Apple Silicon (M1, M2, etc.), but only through [Rosetta] because (as of August 2022) some upstream dependencies are not yet built for the `osx-arm64` architecture. 
Conda can be configured to [use Rosetta] with the `CONDA_SUBDIR=osx-64` environment variable or the `subdir` Conda config variable. 
We recommend using this on a per-environment basis so that it persists across updates and new installs, but does not affect existing setups:
```

I think we should give a clear recommendation so that people can just get something working without too much thought. And I need to break up this suggestion so GitHub  doesn't think the suggestion code block ends early...

```shell-session

> $ CONDA_SUBDIR=osx-64 conda install -c conda-forge openff-toolkit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ CONDA_SUBDIR=osx-64 conda create --name openff -c conda-forge openff-toolkit
$ conda activate
$ conda config --env --set subdir osx-64
```

```

> To make this setting the global default, update the conda config via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, make this setting the global default by updating the system Conda config:
```

```

> $ conda config --env --set subdir osx-64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ conda config --system --set subdir osx-64
```

I think this is the correct command for system-wide configuration?

Author: I honestly have no idea. I had a hard time finding information on this using official conda docs and learned everything I know about this trick from comments by people not employed by Anaconda (Jaime, Isuru). Maybe I'm using the wrong search terms ...

My intent here was to be helpful to the "just get stuff working" crowd, assuming that we're not the only project they'll run into this headache with. I'm not sure it's worth expanding the scope from "how to get The OpenFF Toolkit working on your new computer" to "cool tips and tricks to help your general Conda experience"

Author: This is getting close to the wire but I'm comfortable merging this line. I tested it locally by deleting my `$CONDA_PREFIX_1/.condarc` file, running `$ conda config --system --set subdir osx-64`, checking the RC file again to see that `subdir` was set, and also running a `$ mamba update --all -c conda-forge` and seeing no ARM builds pulled down.

```

> Note that this will affect how `conda` behaves with other environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this will affect how Conda behaves with other environments.

[Rosetta]: https://support.apple.com/en-au/HT211861
[use Rosetta]: https://conda-forge.org/docs/user/tipsandtricks.html#installing-apple-intel-packages-on-apple-silicon
```

For consistency with the rest of the page...
